If we have a database called "songs.db" that contains the top 100 songs of one person from 2018.
We can use this information to estimate their general mood
by looking at the average "energy", "valence", and "danceability" of those top 100 songs.

For example, if their top songs are mostly
high-energy, upbeat, and danceable,
we can assume that they generally like energetic and positive music.

However, this method may not be completely accurate for a few reasons.
First, the top 100 songs may not represent the person's overall music taste,
as they could have been influenced by temporary trends or moods.
Second, there may be individual preferences and nuances that affect their listening habits.

To get a better understanding of a person's music taste and mood,
we could consider additional factors like the genre, tempo, or lyrics of their top songs.
We could also look at qualitative data like user-generated playlists, favorite artists, or listening contexts.
This would provide a more complete and personalized representation of the person's "audio aura."

If we get this example to SQLite we could have a query like this:

SELECT AVG(energy) AS avg_energy, AVG(valence) AS avg_valence, AVG(danceability) AS avg_danceability, COUNT(*) AS num_songs FROM songs WHERE listener_id = 1234 ORDER BY popularity DESC LIMIT 100;

So, let's say we have a database of songs with information like energy, valence, and danceability.
If we want to find out the top 100 songs of a specific listener, we can use an SQL query with their listener ID.
Then, we can calculate the average energy, valence, and danceability of those songs and count how many songs are in the top 100 list.

To get even more information about the listener's audio aura, we can add more columns to our songs table that tell us things like
the genre, tempo, and lyrics of each song.
We can use these columns in our SQL queries to group and analyze the data based on different factors.
Then, we can calculate the listener's audio aura based on a more complete set of criteria that takes into account their individual preferences and nuances.